Contact
accounts@pascalbrokmeier.de
www.linkedin.com/in/pascalwhoop
(LinkedIn)
Pascal Brokmeier
Head of Engineering at Every Cure | Working at the intersection of
biology & AI
Netherlands
Top Skills
Engineering Management
Software Engineering
Digital Strategy
Summary
Tech leader with a proven track record of building and scaling
engineering teams at the intersection of AI, cloud, and life sciences.
Currently leading engineering at Every Cure to revolutionize drug
repurposing through AI-driven approaches.
Languages
German (Native or Bilingual)
Italian (Elementary)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
Germany Scholarship
PROMOS Scholarship
Previously drove engineering excellence at Quantum Black /
McKinsey, where among others, I lead the internal GenAI developer
platform serving 30M+ API requests with 100% uptime from
inception to funding, development and operations. Of course I also
ticked the "usual" McKinsey boxes: Meeting Fortune 500 CxOs (US),
building new business models for power network operators (JP), AI
platforms (UAE, DE) and implemented new digital products for banks
and pharma (NL, UK, US, CH).
My journey started with hands-on software engineering at OPITZ and
building cloud data platforms at Data Minded, giving me a unique
blend of technical depth and strategic leadership.
Key strengths:
• Building and leading high-performing engineering teams
• Scaling AI/ML platforms and infrastructure
• Cloud architecture (AWS, GCP, Azure)
• On premise / bare metal compute infrastructure
• Engineering strategy and digital transformation
• Cross-functional leadership experience working with C-suite
executives
Experience
Every Cure
Head of Engineering
June 2024 - Present (1 year 2 months)
New York, United States
Page 1 of 3
Building the Engineering Team & AI Platform for Every Cure. I joined the team
in early 2024 as one of the first employees and got to experience all the joys
and struggles of building a company from scratch. We were awarded a total
of 110M+ USD to date by the US government as well as through the TED's
Audacious Project. The platform my team and I are building is enabling dozens
of researchers to distill billions of data points into a small handful of clinical
bets through several stages of refinement.
McKinsey & Company
Expert - Data Engineer
September 2020 - May 2024 (3 years 9 months)
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
At McKinsey & QB I moved from an engineer to an engineering leader. As
customary at McKinsey I had exposure to some of the largest companies in
the world and had the privilege to work with CXOs around the world. Industries
included banking, energy, pharma, biotech, insurance, automotive and
consumer products.
The last year at the firm I got to build the internal GenAI Platform for all CSTs
which at the time of departures served over 30M API requests and had 0%
downtime over 8 months, enabling several hundred consultants to serve
clients at a time where GenAI was still hard to access in most enterprises.
Data Minded
Data Engineer
February 2019 - August 2020 (1 year 7 months)
Belgium
Data Minded taught me how to turn my Software Engineering skills and apply
them to data no matter the scale and how to build data systems on any cloud
or on-premise system. Whether serverless, cluster, cloud, virtual machines or
bare metal servers. The biggest project took me to the Brussels Airport where
I built and operated their Cloud Data Platform based on AWS, Kubernetes and
Spark, managed via terraform and CI/CD. We also built a prediction model for
de-icing activities on the airside which got cut short at the arrival of COVID-19.
OPITZ CONSULTING Deutschland GmbH
Software Developer
August 2011 - September 2017 (6 years 2 months)
At Opitz, I learnt the foundations of what good software engineering and
engineering craftmanship looks like. I got to work with several German
companies, amongst others Daimler, Boehringer Ingelheim and Oracle.
Page 2 of 3
Propeller Aerobotics
Software Engineer
March 2016 - June 2016 (4 months)
Sydney, Australia
At Propeller Aero I had my first exposure to a product startup where I learnt
how to work in a lean and mission driven team. I got to build the mobile
application for their AeroPoints product which allows survey-grade data
generation using drone photography with a price point several orders of
magnitude below commercial offerings at the time.
Education
University of Cologne
Master’s Degree, Information Systems · (2015 - 2018)
University of Technology Sydney
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Information Technology · (2016 - 2016)
University of Cologne
Bachelor’s Degree, Informatics · (2013 - 2015)
Page 3 of 3